# remember to run "sudo postmap /etc/postfix/virtual" after making changes

avar@v.nix.is          avarab@gmail.com
tor@v.nix.is           avarab@gmail.com
hinrik@v.nix.is        hinrik.sig@gmail.com
tumi@v.nix.is          tumi.st@gmail.com
andreasg@v.nix.is      andreassonurgudmunds@gmail.com

# Send cron e-mails to the relevant people
avar@localhost          avarab@gmail.com
hinrik@localhost        hinrik.sig@gmail.com
tumi@localhost          tumi.st@gmail.com
andreasg@localhost      andreassonurgudmunds@gmail.com

# (osm|openstreetmap).is aliases
thorirmar@osm.is                thorirmar@gmail.com
thorirmar@openstreetmap.is      thorirmar@gmail.com

# Catch-all for domains
@osm.is           avarab@gmail.com
@openstreetmap.is avarab@gmail.com
@aevar.net        avarab@gmail.com
@xn--var-xla.net  avarab@gmail.com

# Don't wildcard catch nix.is due to spam
hinrik@nix.is       hinrik.sig@gmail.com
abuse@nix.is        hinrik.sig@gmail.com
postmaster@nix.is   hinrik.sig@gmail.com
hostmaster@nix.is   hinrik.sig@gmail.com
webmaster@nix.is    hinrik.sig@gmail.com

# Send cron E-Mails to v-cron
@v.nix.is         v-cron@lists.nix.is
@localhost        v-cron@lists.nix.is
